Who are you?
How dare you ask me who I am
The richest man in Kyushu you say
That was me!
Now all cats and dogs dare to jump out
You are still the richest man in Kyushu
Then I'm still the king of heaven
How brave
I tell you what you've done.
I'll make you double the repayment later.
Conscience, come here now
Immediately
Yo
Better call someone, right? I'm so scared
The Lord's richest man
Are you going to hit me?
Ahahahaha
This is what your dad gave you
No matter what he eats, you have to put it away.
Isn't this the Supreme Black Card?
This is yours.
What is the Supreme Black Tower?
Supreme Black Tower
Issued by Interpretation Bank
The amount inside is unlimited.
It symbolizes money and status
Look at this, there is also the seal of the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Is what they say true?
Of course it's true.
It seems that you know the goods well?
This card is mine.
Now I'm giving it to my son
There are two black and white Supreme Black Cards.
It is said that the white card was in the hands of Secretary General Yang Qiangjian
When the black card grows outside
Are you Mr. Gao?
Don't listen to his nonsense
I don't know if this is true or false.
If he is really Mr. Wan
His family can still live in this shabby house
I'm talking about hahaha.
Scared me
Let's do it.
When is the time?
There's also a blast dinner party
It's me.
If you want to serve Mr. Wan, you have to queue up
Yes, Mr. Gao
Hey, Wanyu, weren't you crazy before?
Almost made me a eunuch
Somebody break this little hand and foot for me
Feed the fish in the river, don't
Uncle Liu, save Banyue, save his lady
Don't say it's me
Even if Mr. Jiang comes, he can't afford to offend him
Pack away
What do you care what a little trash like this does?
I beg you
Don't take me away
What the hell
Big blue, you will live your whole life